all right everybody what's up a thunder
and man this is gonna be one of my most
humiliating gameplays to date I've
uploaded myself getting nuked I uploaded
that dude witty kid shitting on me I've
uploaded some gameplays where you know
things that work out so well for me but
this gameplay right here oh my goodness
man this is uh I got beat down dude I
got smacked annihilated oh look my most
youtubers they don't like to upload
gameplays where they do poorly and make
no mistake I care who you are
even mark @j everyone has bad games this
was a game that you know things dinner
things did really go in my favor know
what to say the very least
I could annihilate it okay I got bitch
Mac now I should have known better man I
should have known to not play call of
duty black ops 2 on a weekend I mean
it's a Saturday all the little kids are
out of school you know they've been
crushing Pop Tarts and orange drink all
morning and watching cartoons oh they're
all excited they're excited so you know
what's the afternoon cartoons are over
the board they got that sugar rush they
need to do something to hopping online
they grabbing the ballistas in a
quickscoping on nuketown 2025 bro and
there really ain't a damn thing you
could do about it either man snipers
just completely dominate this game and
especially on this map I mean they got
max mobility they're one hit kill from
any range
I mean Vonderhaar come on man look at
this shit dude proof that the snipers
are overpowered is that they completely
dominate on the smallest map in the game
I mean this is nuke town right this
should be like a shotgun SMG kind of map
teabag action right there baby but it's
completely dominated by snipers every
time I jump on this map it just dudes
with snipers running around shitting on
people left and right a close-quarters
rushing weapon I mean let's face it it
says rated M for Mature on the box when
you buy a cod game but this game is made
for children dude call of duty is now
made for children if you want a man's
game I guess you could play battlefield
or I mean even destiny destiny though
I've been playing destiny for a while
now guys since the Alpha and the crowd
on destiny it's a nice mature crowd yes
we do have snipers on destiny and yeah
they're annoying as shit but they
usually camp in the back of the map they
don't they don't run and gun and Rush
spawns and spawn right people like this
is I mean look at look at this as soon
as I spawn I get annihilated let's look
at this kill cam how that you would even
know I was there man
I think these guys might even be hacking
these
might even have some aimbot I don't know
what's going on but how did that guy
know I was there like seriously dudes
using wall hacks man that's some cheese
Hey look man you guys already got the
black ops 2 sniper
you already got god mode where you got a
hack with wall hacks for - that's just
overkill man that's jeez that's
overdoing it now you listen to me David
Vonderhaar look man I know that you know
you want to please the kids okay you
want to make the snipers crazy ope
so all the kids like the game in the
game cells but you got to do the right
thing man you can make a balance game
and make a fair game black ops 1 sniping
was perfect you need to go back to that
formula ok
Vaughn you need to go back to the black
ops 1 style of sniping in black ops 3 or
cod 2015 whatever it is you're working
on but this shit it was fun to do it
once but you can't bring this kind of
sniping back Vaughn please I mean if you
want to bring this kind of sniping back
make a lobby like trickshot or Lobby
where you know the snipers got
superpowers like this shit oh my god
Slifer close range oh my god that was
crazy I can't believe I can't believe I
beat that guy mp7 versus sniper
close-range I can't believe I beat him
oh my God look at this guy right here
look at this shit look look at this that
kid can't be a day over 12 did you see
that shit right there that kid can't be
a day over 12
that was crazy so like I said man I was
laughing hysterically playing this game
man I don't get mad when I play black
ops 2 anymore this shit is just I mean
as funny as crazy so I just come on here
and game to have a good time and again
I'm not uploading this video to hate on
anybody I'm just trying to show some
obvious signs there's some obvious proof
to Treyarch that the sniping in this
game complete bullshit I mean look at
this it's almost like I'm playing
destiny and everyone the other team got
that gold gun glitch and they just
instant kill me every time I turn around
the instant kill me with the gold gun I
mean look at this under 4 minutes these
snipers completely destroyed us and
under 4 minutes didn't even have no big
kill streaks they didn't need them they
had the sniper rifle the Bob's do sniper
I think they might have even been
hacking I'm not sure I mean I don't know
how that dude knew wolves behind the
wall I mean what do you guys think I
look at this shit we got fucking
annihilate least I went positive now
look I don't know if those guys were
hacking but I definitely know that this
- attacking those guys didn't stay
around for a second match II that they
left those snipers they bounced they got
offline ah no Sid the Science Kid or paw
patrol must
coming on to something they had to get
off but I mean look at this dude right
here this dude I know is hacking and why
would you play like this bro
why why how is this fun I don't
understand these modders I don't stand
these dudes who mod this game how is
that fun I was sitting there getting
cheesy kills like that fun I don't get
it but at least the dude gave us a real
nice kill cam check this shit out guys
thanks for watching if you enjoyed that
people forget to smack that like button
boy Thunder I'm out
Oh